Machine, there are many, many, many differences,
What are you doing?
You can't say it?
I can't tell you apart, I'm very tired, I don't have time to accompany you and give up the circle,
What hurts you to tell me directly?
Thank you, I will also let you give it to you.
Machine, I've been fucking you for so many years.
At that time, because you were sure to meet someone as soon as you came in,
I can't find him as soon as I meet him, after so many years,
I misunderstood again and again, I'm sorry.
Machines have happened.
No matter how much you say, you can't get over it. You hurt me back then.
Machine, you are always in my heart.
It’s just that you have to pay for it,
When I was looking forward to asking for a mother
Buying yourself
How about we start over?
You hear nothing
Start over with them
Listen, listen, listen, listen